LemonadeDev, the hero of usenet, is not who he seems to be.

LemonadeDev is actually Ryan Kennedy, a known UK scam artist. Heck, he even has his own Encyclopedia Dramatica (ED) page: https://encyclopediadramatica.se/Senshimedia

Don't take my word for it however, let's take a look at some of the defining characterists of Ryan Kennedy and compare and contrast them with LemonadeDev.

--- NAME CHANGE VIA DEED POLL --

Previous to being known as Ryan Kennedy, Ryan Kennedy was known as Ryan Albright.

ED (Ryan): 'Sadly, you are probably too stupid to understand the concept of a deed poll and a legally binding name change. '

LemonadeDev has also had surname change via deed poll.

LemonadeDev: 'along with a copy of the certified deed poll with (sic) verified the name change.'

I recognize this quote was snipped. It was in reference to problems with Google Checkout. They didn't like Ryan's identification having a different surname than his legal name. That information is all available and verifiable at the source link.

SOURCE: lemon.sx, which is now down. GOOGLE CACHE: https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:lemon.sx/?cat=4&oq=cache:lemon.sx/?cat=4&gs_l=serp.3...36246.37151.0.37256.7.6.0.0.0.0.0.0..0.0...0.0...1c.1.9.serp.O2SootVIN84

--- PRIOR EMPLOYMENT WITH VIRGIN MEDIA AND CURRENT PROJECTS ---

ED (Ryan): 'I used to work for [Virgin Media], at the Albert Dock in Liverpool - such a... blah... ;_;''

I am extremely hesitant to post LemonadeDev's (Ryan's) LinkedIn profile. I will then paraphrase. Currently, Ryan is involved in developing a media management appliance with a team of five. The project will change how users acquire, play, and manage their libraries. This project has been underway since December 2012. Sounds a lot like nuPlay, no?

Now let's check out Ryan's past work. Huh, he was a developer at Virgin Media in 2009...

--- MILITARY SERVICE ---

ED (Ryan): 'I'm ex-army, and have been doing martial arts for several years. I can also fly small aircraft (Cessna 182 etc.)'

[19:14] <LemonadeDev> I say that as an American. [19:14] <LemonadeDev> And a former member of the military.

SOURCE: http://pastebin.com/vwGKenLL

I'm going to ignore the claim to American citizenship as I have no information either way on that.

--- HEALTH PROBLEMS ---

ED (Ryan): 'I find it funny that you say "self diagnosed" - for I really wish that were the case. My health has been degrading since August due to high levels of stress and more recently, had quite a worrying cancer scare (sorry to disappoint, but I'm on the mend).'

LemonadeDev: 'I have a lot of time nowadays due my state of health being somewhat broken!'

SOURCE: http://www.reddit.com/r/usenet/comments/15v7bt/nzbx_why_migrations_are_a_pain_in_the_ass/c7qf1rl

--- INTERESTS AND CHARACTER ---

Depending on the individual, this section may be the least or most important. I think it's interesting to at least bring up. We have talked about all the facts and funny coincidences that LemonadeDev and Ryan share, but they also have similar personalities.

Both are involved in IT, hosting, startups, entrepenurship, etc. Both are also interested in Japanese animation, in fact, Ryan Kennedy lists Japanese as a language on his LinkedIn profile.

--- SO WHO IS HE? ---

This isn't a court of law. This is all circumstantial, but I personally am convinced the scam artist Ryan Kennedy and LemonadeDev are one in the same.

How many ex-military men with a name change via deed poll and prior employment at Virgin Media do you know? Now take that list and narrow it down to the men with the above, but also with an interest in anime, startups, software development, and cloud services.

The final nail in the coffin for me is that there exists a relatively recent picture of Ryan Kennedy on his Twitter feed. I will not be posting that image or the Twitter handle, but to my eyes, it's the guy in the ED article plus ~6 years.

--- SUMMARY ---

Everyone is of course free to do as they choose with their own money. But for me? I certainly won't be investing in or donating to nuPlay or nzbX, and would recommend that everyone else be extremely wary. Ryan Kennedy has left swathes of dead projects in his path before.

I have other concerns and more to say, but I am trying my best to keep this particular post as 'just the facts' as possible considering the circumstances, so I will postpone any further personal analysis or judgment.

'If it's too good to be true, it probably is'